Hey guys welcome back to the Corps.
So we established what langauges are and our last lecture those pages you could be offering up with
say an insightful e-book that could make a social media managers job easier.
Or an email course to provide regular tips to writers looking to improve their skills.
What are some examples.
One interesting lead magnets are used to attract visitors.
The combination of that promise value within nicely designed compelling page can result in a lot of
people showing interest.
They also do a better job than usual sales pages because usually usually you're asking for a lower bar
of entry usually just asking for their name and email maybe their phone number.
It's a lot easier than asking for their credit card.
So what do successful landing pages do.
Well they clearly state the value of the lead magnet and they do that pretty explicitly.
They make the value relevant to the visitor.
Here is why this awesome thing should matter to you.
They establish trust by providing an easy mechanism for getting that value.
Here's how you can get that awesome thing.
They do all of this and a distraction free environment.
They might say something like I'm not trying to sell you any other awesome things just this awesome
thing.
Click here to get that awesome thing.
Now it's not always easy to plan design and execute a great landing page but there are some excellent
ones out there we can look at for inspiration.
So let's look at these ideas in action.
First up check out this landing page from Kiss metrics this landing page is for a free web in our on
how to do Facebook advertising.
There's no waste information here at all.
A quick scan of the page tells you everything you really need to know from Kismat Tri-X.
It's FREE.
There is the title right here.
There's the date.
There's even a time zone converter if I'm really lazy and can't do the math.
Here's a nice three column set up with a short form on the left or description in the middle and the
faces and names of the people involved on the right.
The description here is focused on the top bullet points below give me some decently helpful detail.
Now the form is pretty simple.
Just name email country and would I like a demo.
So really nothing too intrusive here at all.
Now here's a great touch below the form even if you can't make it sign up anyway.
Now this will send you a recording and that is a really nice touch and I would imagine it helps them
with sign ups.
You think about it even if you have a mild interest in us webinars but you're not so interested you
going to wake up early instead of your computer for an hour and a half.
Well you could say maybe I'll just check this out later when they e-mail me the recording.
That way they'll just get a lot more people who sign up.
Now overall I love how clean this landing page is.
There's nothing else really distracting you from that than our information.
The best lesson to learn here is this.
Everywhere you look you see something to help you understand what's being offered.
If your landing page can do that well it'll be successful.
All right let's check out another example.
HubSpot created an e-book called How to write the perfect e-mail.
It's available for free on this landing page which is another nice example of a clean design rich with
detail.
Now scroll down from the top.
Do you guys remember how to spot.
They make marketing software and they do a lot of different things.
So we know right here this is from Hub's Vought.
Now it's pretty obvious.
But you know putting your logo up there establishes you know who's offering this.
Don't obviously overlook that.
Well here's an ebook cover title on a subtitle looks pretty good.
Here's our first call to action.
Download Now for people who already know they want it.
Well they'll jump on this button.
But for people who need to learn more well they can easily just keep scrolling because there's more
info.
Next we see a description and checkmarks noting that there's six specific items that you'll learn from
this guide.
Now here's a nice touch especially for an e-book landing page which is a little tired sometimes.
Take a peek inside the guide.
Well then you can leaf through this ebook and see what it looks like.
Now there's not a lot of pages shown here but you get a feel for the design and what to expect.
And then last we have a short a q completely about the form you're about to fill out.
Do I have to.
And is this really free.
I like the idea of validating their need for your personal info here as well and reassuring you that
yes the book is free when I can charge you later for it probably wasn't in doubt because these are common
enough now but it's a good reminder.
Since you're about to share them some information.
Anyways when we go a download button here at the bottom we're brought to a simple form page with email
company name you URL and it's that's it.
Short and sweet.
And by filling this out we're creating an account so we can get instant access to other e-books and
free tools supposedly.
Overall I like the landing page experience here.
The first page is pretty nicely detailed and clean and the sign up form offers the promise of more value
on top of the ebook.
Now Scott can offer that because well they've got a lot of resources but for small businesses as long
as you establish the value of your ebook or whatever it is that you're offering filling out the form
should still be a no brainer.
Again you make a good enough case for it.
Now let's take a look at an e-mail course landing page because our familiar e-mail courses are basically
free.
Courses that are through e-mail you can guess that you sign up and then they send you one lesson at
a time.
It's also called like a drip campaign.
But in this case the idea is every single day is only a small amount of content.
And the reason why they do this is just because everyday they can send out an email.
And the people who are more and more interested will stay till the very end and then you can see and
like MailChimp or whatever analytics are conceived this person is really interested and then you can
send them targeted messages.
Now if you send them one really long piece you wouldn't know who finished it who didn't.
But then also just fewer people will consume it because it's easier to give someone five one hour courses
than one five hour course.
Now this example is much different than the usual one but it's still a good one.
So what does it say boost your hair moisture.
Now as a white guy I'm immediately out of my element.
But for women of color who've got curly hair Well there's obviously value here.
The huge background image tells you who the people at curly hair lounge dot com are targeting with this
email course.
But I don't have to be the audience to clearly understand what they're offering here.
Learn how to take better care of your curly hair.
OK.
Scroll down and you can see Monica is teaching this and you can read about her experience gool.
But before you start.
Well that gives us statements about what's included in this eight day course and below that we have
a group of testimonials women who have found success through this course and well that's a great touch.
Sometimes people ask me there people who believe testimonials.
And the answer is yes people generally do.
I mean you could just make up testimonials but for whatever reason people do trust them.
It's not as if they're getting a testimonial from the best friend.
But it's still better than nothing.
And then finally we have another call to action which is Hellyeah plus a quick reminder of what you're
signing up for a nice little touch of personality in there.
Now the tone of the copy is strong but inspiring.
So if you're a black girl who wants to embrace her curly hair well this landing page targets you very
well.
OK let's wrap up with one more example.
This next landing page offers a lot of information but for what there white paper is promising registering
for the Web site could be worth it depending if you're the right audience.
So track Tica is a research and consulting firm that put out a white paper on enterprise wearable technology.
Case studies it's a mouthful but there's a pretty good cottage industry of people out there that make
case studies for enterprise companies.
A lot of times are case studies kind of explaining these broader consumer trends.
To someone who's in a business and then the idea is it might help you be able to adapt it for your business.
Those two things I want to point out here with the landing page itself and what they require to download
it first.
There's a lot of info about the white paper on this page.
Essentially this is a research paper 33 pages in link providing 40 different case study examples about
wearable tech.
They scroll down the landing page you'll see what the White Paper is all about.
The key questions that addresses who should read it and a complete table of contents.
It's a pretty big landing page for a pretty meaty piece of research so make sense to see how much information
they ask for to download it.
This is also a very common tactic in B to B if you're selling to businesses within a contract value
of one person could be really high.
And so you put a lot of effort in these pages just knowing that maybe you'll get 100 really qualified
leads.
Now the White Paper here is free if you register for the Web site.
That process involves sharing a lot more than just your email address.
They want info about yourself where you work your title and areas of interest.
It's a pretty good way of pre-qualifying whether or not you're someone that really is interested in
it and whether they should contact you.
I don't think the amount of info they're asking for is necessarily too much because well they're mostly
hoping future clients are going to register so they want to know if any of the leads they get will fit
into the specific research areas in their business so they can easily connect the dots.
Ultimately this example should show you that not all landing pages fit into a neat little template your
business might require something bigger or richer in detail would you ask for as much info as Practica
did.
Well most businesses wouldn't really need to but this is something you'll have to consider when you
serve up a lead magnet of your own to build your B2B you'll want to ask more because it's going to be
more valuable to have qualified leads that are smaller batch versus if you are a consumer company where
it doesn't really cost that much to buy what you're doing or to subscribe to your software in that case
you don't really need to narrow down your lead group or something really small anyway.
So there you have it really solid examples of landing pages for four kinds of lead magnate's webinars.
We have e-books email courses and white papers.
There's a variety of industries and audiences represented here.
So you've got some great lessons you could apply to your own landing pages.
We'll put links to each of these in the resources.
Now let's continue this discussion about building your own in the next lecture.
All right guys see the.